--------- Set 1 ---------

1. 	How can I enhance sling model use by 000 image component in our project
2. 	How render youtube video in aem component
3. 	How to send notification to country respective user means for English, French, German.
4. 	Initial content and structure in editable template
5. 	Add header in experience template
6. 	How load balancer works
7. 	How to set limit in aem service to improve performance
8. 	How syncronize other publishers in aem
9. 	Proxy component in AEM
10. How to user sling dynamic include


--------- Set 2 -----------

1. 	How we can add same tab with common filed for all 10 component 
2. 	Why resource type registration for serlet is best than path
3. 	How to add inplace editor for text component in our project
4. 	How to call sly-template
5. 	Difference between sly repeat - sly list
6. 	How to call one HTML wrapper in aem component using sightly
7. 	How to pass parameter in sightly
8. 	Custom workflow implementation
9. 	How to execute some business login for bundle startup process
10. MSM
11. List of replication agents available in AEM
12. How to use core components in our project
13. Core component changes with versions
14. Editable template with component adding concept
15. Steps to create editable template
16. Can we customize template type
17. If add text component in template using responsive grid
18. What is the use of lock or unlock template component
19. Can I edit text component of the page template is editable
20. What is use of sly-attribute
21. How cache page in dispatcher
22. Why use sling model and not wcmuse pojo
23. How to call third party service in sling model
24. Can we rename init() in sling model
25. Can we call one component from other
26. Why JCR use
27. Difference between nt:unstructured or structure node
28. Bundle versioning
29. How database work in aem
30. Is that DB is structured or unstructured
31. POM ffro AEM
32. How add SPA in AEM project

------------ Set 3 --------

1. 	New features in AEM 6.5
2. 	Dispatcher configuration for caching secure pages
3. 	AEM clustering / Maintaing user generated content
4. 	Querying / Indexes
5. 	Content updates across a large number of pages (Groovy)
6. 	Transfering huge content between AEM servers that are on different networks
7. 	SAML / LDAP integration for SSO
8. 	Custom workflow where all the users in a group have to approve for the workflow to complete
9. 	What happens or what exception is thrown when two threads/services try to write a single node?
10. Allow caching of URLs with query parameters in dispatcher
11. What is APache http server and how does it work / Flags in APache
12. Comparator / Comparable. Employee/Address ... sort based on name. If two employees have same name then sort bases on address.
13. Types of Exceptions you can get while accessing a node.
14. Sling Dynamic Include / How to improve performance of a page which has only one dynamic section in it.
15. Issues faced during migration.
16. Any tools that are used for migration ?  How to identify deprecated APIs
17. Difference between Event Listener and Event handler
18. Difference between regular servlet and sling servlet
19. Difference between java servlet container and OSGI servlet container
20. Steps for setting up production level AEM server
21. Statfile
22. TIme based cache invalidation in dispatcher
23. How would you implment the sitemap feature
24. How does AEM handle Authentication
25. Migration process from lower version to higher version
26. Let's say during a migration, you created a whole new set of components to re-create an existing site for a client. After the new components are developed,
	client asks for re-using some of the static pages from their old site (which is using a old set of components).Provide a solution to migrate the 
	old static pages content to use the new components
27. If there are multiple implementations of a service, how will you choose a particular implementation when you are injecting that service elsewhere


------------- Set 4 ------------

1. 	Multi Site Management - Experience Fragments
	
	Scenario - I have a site in multiple languages say English, French and German. I'm using blueprint/livecopy to sync/roll out the content from the 
	master (English) to other languages. If I'm using an experience fragment in one of the pages, will the URls/links in the content of the experience
	fragment will be updated to use the appropriate language paths/links or will they still refer ot the master language? If they want the links in the 
	Experience fragment to be updated based on the language page it is present in, how can I achieve this?
	
2.	Touch UI dialog - fields validation

	Scenario - I have a component and it has a touch ui dialog. I have two date fields in the dialog. Say "From" date and "To" date. I want to validate the 
	dates entered in these fields and want to display an error message when the validation fails.
	
	Validation requirements - From date should be >=today and < To date. TO date shoul dbe >=today and > From date.
	
3. Query Builder

	Scenario - I have a set of pages under "/content/abc". In some of these pages, I have a "Offer" component, with a property "offerType". (Assume that
	no other copmonents has offterTye property)
	
	Write a query to search the pages
	a. That have the offer component with property "offerType" value as "christmas"
	b. That are last replicated after certain date
	c. Sort the pages such that newly activated pages are top of the list
	
4. 	Write java code to search for the list of pages for the above query., by iterating thhrough all the pages using JCR or slign or any other AEM APIs.	
	Dont user query bulder or any other query language.
	
5. 	How to sort an array list of objects
6. 	How to configure SSO using the OOTB SAML authentication handler
7. 	How to create templates and use them in sightly
8. 	Angular
	Scenario - I have component A and component B. Component A is the parent and component is the child inside. I want to update scome text in component B
	whenever the value of a dropdown in component A is changed. How to achieve this.
